source:  http://classics.mit.edu/Augustus/deeds.html

19. I built the senate-house and the Chalcidicum which adjoins it and the 
temple of Apollo on the Palatine with porticos, the temple of divine Julius, 
the Lupercal, the portico at the Flaminian circus, which I allowed to be called 
by the name Octavian, after he who had earlier built in the same place, the 
state box at the great circus, the temple on the Capitoline of Jupiter Subduer 
and Jupiter Thunderer, the temple of Quirinus, the temples of Minerva and Queen 
Juno and Jupiter Liberator on the Aventine, the temple of the Lares at the top 
of the holy street, the temple of the gods of the Penates on the Velian, the 
temple of Youth, and the temple of the Great Mother on the Palatine.

20. I rebuilt the Capitol and the theater of Pompey, each work at enormous 
cost, without any inscription of my name. I rebuilt aqueducts in many places 
that had decayed with age, and I doubled the capacity of the Marcian aqueduct 
by sending a new spring into its channel. I completed the Forum of Julius and 
the basilic which he built between the temple of Castor and the temple of 
Saturn, works begun and almost finished by my father. When the same basilica 
was burned with fire I expanded its grounds and I began it under an inscription 
of the name of my sons, and, if I should not complete it alive, I ordered it to 
be completed by my heirs. Consul for the sixth time (28 B.C.E.), I rebuilt 
eighty-two temples of the gods in the city by the authority of the senate, 
omitting nothing which ought to have been rebuilt at that time. Consul for the 
seventh time (27 B.C.E.), I rebuilt the Flaminian road from the city to 
Ariminum and all the bridges except the Mulvian and Minucian.

21. I built the temple of Mars Ultor on private ground and the forum of 
Augustus from war-spoils. I build the theater at the temple of Apollo on ground 
largely bought from private owners, under the name of Marcus Marcellus my 
son-in-law. I consecrated gifts from war-spoils in the Capitol and in the 
temple of divine Julius, in the temple of Apollo, in the tempe of Vesta, and in 
the temple of Mars Ultor, which cost me about HS 100,000,000. I sent back gold 
crowns weighing 35,000 to the towns and colonies of Italy, which had been 
contributed for my triumphs, and later, however many times I was named emperor, 
I refused gold crowns from the towns and colonies which they equally kindly 
decreed, and before they had decreed them.

